feat(lint): enforce kebab-case filenames with ESLint (#4797)
QwenLM/qwen-code: AGENTS.md

- **Tests**: Collocated with source (`file.test.ts` next to `file.ts`),
  vitest framework
- **File naming**: `PascalCase.tsx` for React components, `kebab-case.ts` for

>   all `.ts` files (enforced by ESLint). Existing camelCase files are allowlisted in `eslint.legacy-filenames.mjs`; rename opportunistically when touching them.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Test

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

>   all `.ts` files (enforced by ESLint). Existing camelCase files are allowlisted in `eslint.legacy-filenames.mjs`; rename opportunistically when touching them.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** This states "kebab-case.ts for all `.ts` files (enforced by ESLint)" but the rule only covers `packages/core/src/**/*.ts` and `packages/cli/src/**/*.ts`. Other packages (acp-bridge, channels, daemon, sdk-typescript, etc.) are not covered.

```suggestion
- **File naming**: `PascalCase.tsx` for React components, `kebab-case.ts` for
  `.ts` files in `packages/core` and `packages/cli` (enforced by ESLint). Existing camelCase files are allowlisted in `eslint.legacy-filenames.mjs`; rename opportunistically when touching them.
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

>   `.ts` files in `packages/core` and `packages/cli` (enforced by ESLint). Existing camelCase files are allowlisted in `eslint.legacy-filenames.mjs`; rename opportunistically when touching them.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The new text drops the explicit warning about `git blame` history loss and import breakage that the original had ("renaming breaks `git blame` and imports"). The replacement ("rename opportunistically") is ambiguous — it could encourage drive-by file renames in unrelated feature PRs without signaling the cost.

```suggestion
  `.ts` files in `packages/core` and `packages/cli` (enforced by ESLint). Existing camelCase files are allowlisted in `eslint.legacy-filenames.mjs`; rename opportunistically when touching them, updating all imports in the same commit (note: renames lose `git blame` history).
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_
